[Music]
eight signs you're going to be highly
successful successful people are so easy
to pick out of a crowd there's just
something special that sets them apart
but what exactly is it that puts them
ahead of everybody else and do you have
that mysterious it factor let's find out
number eight they appreciate the power
of cooperation of course hard work and
self motivation can help get you to the
top but you can't build an empire all by
yourself everyone is stronger when
they've got the support of a good team
cooperation allows you to look at a
problem from different perspectives and
through other people's eyes successful
people know this and use it to their
advantage don't be afraid to ask for
help or consult with others when you
have a cohesive team and each member has
their own specific strengths they bring
to the table together you can achieve
anything you put your mind to number
seven they are early birds look up the
biographies of the most successful
people out there and you'll notice
they're all early birds it's hard to
have a productive day when you only wake
up at 11 a.m.
big projects require lots and lots of
time and effort you can't just get them
done and whatever time you have
available try getting up early at least
once you'll be shocked by how much you
can get done by the time you usually
wake up and sooner or later it'll become
habit number 6 they thirst for new
experiences successful people love
trying new things whether it's something
extreme like skydiving or a little more
on the mild side like drawing one thing
remains the same they see inspiration in
everything and don't let fear of failure
hold them back their motto is simple
it's better to try and fail than to
regret never having tried at all
remember different experiences teach you
practical skills open your mind and
expand your horizon
all of this can help you no matter what
you do for a living so cast aside all
your fears and just gives something a
new shot your life will become much
brighter number five they can adapt to
any changes sometimes things just don't
go according to plan everything can
change in the blink of an eye and your
success can turn into failure faster
than you think that's why it's so
important to be flexible and able to
adapt with any unexpected changes we all
know the inspiring stories of people who
lost everything pick themselves up
dusted themselves off and rose to the
top in spite of all the challenges along
the way
successful people don't get down in the
dumps because of change they simply
adapt and keep chugging along
number four they're happy for the
success of others truly successful
people don't let petty jealousy into
their lives instead they get inspired by
other people's success
it makes them move forward and work even
harder they know that one day they'll
realize their dream because nobody can
take it away from them the world is big
enough for everyone to achieve their
goals someone else's success doesn't
equal your failure the sooner you
realize this simple truth the better off
you'll be number three they are good
listeners let's be honest here nobody
likes a motormouth yet it's still so
hard to find a person who's a good
listener but if you really want to be
the cream of the crop you've got to
learn how to listen this is an important
trait to have when you're working with
other people and we've already covered
how important teamwork is so let the
people around you speak more listen and
pay attention to their opinions and
perspectives it will give you some food
for thought that will definitely help
you out later number two they rarely
spend time on social media social media
is without a doubt a good source of news
great for personal and professional
networking and can even be educational
but as a
everything has a downside it's so
addictive you can't get things done or
concentrate on your work when you're
constantly checking what's new on
Twitter Facebook or Instagram
that's why successful people show
self-control when it comes to social
media that way they can put all their
energy into their craft and the
realization of their projects of course
they gladly surf the net when they have
the time but they don't feel totally
dependent on it
number one they know that they can
create their own luck you can't sit
around doing nothing and think that one
day you'll just randomly get lucky and
all your dreams will come true
sorry life doesn't work like that the
harder you work the more possibilities
you attract in your life and these
opportunities boost your chances of
getting lucky and hitting the
professional jackpot
don't passively wait for things to come
your way take your life into your own
hands and create opportunities yourself
you'll be glad you did what do you think
is the most important quality to become
successful tell us in the comments
section below don't forget to give this
video a like share it with your friends
and subscribe to our channel if you want
to stay with us on the bright side of
life until next time
[Music]